So apparently trying to work on 4 computers with 2 OSes each is a nightmare. I didn't realize till yesterday the folder never commited correctly; apparently autoadding doesn't exist on the command line. Either way, as of now(06/22/2011 04:13:58 AM), I am debugging the flat shading code. Everything else that isn't lighting should work, with the exception of toruses and spheres that have been both transformed and rotated, when used with knobs. Nothing crashes, but the behavior is still erratic. Backface culling works, but z-buffering has not been implemented yet; overlapping front facing surfaces still show. Lighting is not implemented. And for the record, I am working alone; manpower and creativity are sorely lacking and as such I will probably not get far past flat shading. I expect to be done with flat shading by ~7pm, though as always debugging is unpredictable.

--Manfred Chan

EDIT: 06/22/2011 11:13:14 PM : For some strange reason, drawline is occasionally spitting out horizontal lines where they should be vertical during shading... unsure what is behind this. As for the rest of shading, I seem to be running into double precision tolerance issues again, and hence it does not work. Also, i discovered that spheres do not backface cull correctly, but faking it with degenerate toruses works perfectly. Further testing has revealed that box code doesnt cull correctly, particularly when the surface is perpendicular to the camera, though i remembered it worked before. Also, knobs don't seem to respond well when multiple ones are involved and behave strangely with translating the origin, as well as reacting differently to toruses, spheres and boxes.  Im guessing that this may be caused by the knob code, but since someone else wrote it while I was collaborating with them on MDL, I'd rather not point fingers. By now I am unsure if any further edits are going to matter; I am commiting what i have and hoping for the best at this point. I have included a few test files of my own: TORUSTEST, SPHERETEST, and BOXTEST. For the record, i was using TORUSTEST to debug, and was unaware until half an hour ago that spheres and boxes acted so erratically compared to what i already had.


